SP-4160: Add Redis diagnostics (#12)
stackpulse/playbooks: redis/diagnostics/README.md

# Redis Diagnostics

<img src="../../images/redis.svg" width="100" alt="Redis">

![type](https://img.shields.io/badge/type-triage-green)
![service](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=service&message=Redis&style=flat&logo=Redis&color=A41E11)
![uses-slack](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=uses&message=Slack&style=flat&logo=slack&color=4A154B)

[![Import to StackPulse](../../images/open_in_stackpulse.svg)](https://app.stackpulse.io/playbook/create#https://github.com/stackpulse/playbooks/blob/master/redis/diagnostics/playbook.yaml)

> This playbook queries a Redis host and retrieves multiple diagnostics:
> 
> * General Info: Displays curated data that acts as the first line of triage. for example, the amount of connected clients, used memory, and more.
> * Slow Logs: Details the last N (defaults to 10) slowest queries executed in your Redis instance.
> * Client List: Allows you to quickly understand who use (or abuse) your Redis instance and how.
> * Big Keys: Retrieves statistics about keys size in your Instance. large keys can be very costly in terms of memory usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This playbook queries a Redis host's general and specific diagnostics:

* General Info: Basic triage such as # of connected clients, memory consumption etc.
* Slow Logs: Last X (default: 10) slowest queries executed.
* Client List: Allows you to quickly understand who use (or abuse) your Redis instance and how.
* Big Keys: Retrieves statistics about keys size in your Instance. large keys can be very costly in terms of memory usage.
```
some missing information to refine the messaging:

1. general info - what is the exact list of information we provide
2. client list - how the list is ordered - how does it help me to understand who abuses redis?
3. Big keys - again how the list is ordered? does it show the memory consumption per key?

> This playbook queries a Redis host's general and specific diagnostics:
> 
> * General Info: Basic triage such as number of connected clients, memory consumption, server uptime, etc.
> * Slow Logs: Last X (default: 10) slowest queries executed.
> * Client List: Allows you to quickly understand who use (or abuse) your Redis instance. The list of clients is ordered by id and include name, adress and flags, as well as last command executed by them, total memory they consumed, number of pending queries, idle time and more.
> * Big Keys: Retrieves statistics about keys size in your Instance, and their memory consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This playbook queries a Redis host's general and specific diagnostics:

* General Info: Basic triage such as # of connected clients, memory utilization, memory peaked utilization, server uptime.
* Slow Logs: Last X (default: 10) slowest queries executed.
* Client List: Lists clients with their respective memory utilization, # of pending queries, idle time and age.
* Big Keys: Retrieves keys statistics and memory utilization by data type.
```

At the end of each step, its output is sent to Slack recipients of your choice.

## Your benefits

> * Automatically retrieve an overview of your Redis instance diagnostics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provides an overall Redis instance diagnostics.
```
